Tuesday, January 20th: First day of Spring 2026 classes. Change of Program Period begins at 9:30 a.m.
 Friday, January 30th: Change of Program Period ends at 9:30 p.m. Wait Lists will close at midnight.
 For full-semester courses, January 30th is the last day for students in participating Schools to be added to courses from their Wait Lists and is also the last day when Instructors may add students from Instructor-Managed Wait Lists. Students are urged to check their Wait List statuses before Friday, January 30th, when their registration appointments close and then remove themselves from Wait Lists if they no longer want to be considered for enrollment in these courses.
Detailed information on the Change of Program process, including School-specific regulations and step-by-step guides, is available on the Registrar’s Add/Drop page. Students should consult with their academic advisers if they have any questions or concerns. 

 
Academic Procedures and Standards
Registration and Enrollment

Registration is the process that reserves seats in particular classes for eligible students. It is accomplished by following the procedures announced in advance of each term’s registration period.

Enrollment is the completion of the registration process and affords the full rights and privileges of student status. Enrollment is accomplished by the payment or other satisfaction of tuition and fees and by the satisfaction of other obligations to the University.

Registration alone does not guarantee enrollment nor does registration alone guarantee the right to participate in class. In some cases, students will need to obtain the approval of the instructor, or of a representative of the department that offers a course, or permission of the School offering the class. Students should check this bulletin, their registration instructions, the Directory of Classes, and also with an adviser for all approvals that may be required.

To comply with current and anticipated Internal Revenue Service mandates, the University requires all students who will be receiving financial aid or payment through the University payroll system to report their Social Security number at the time of admission. Newly admitted students who do not have a Social Security number should obtain one well in advance of their first registration. International students should consult the International Students and Scholars Office, located at 545 W. 112th Street, 4th Floor (212-854-3587). Special billing authorization is required of all students whose bills are to be sent to a third party for payment. Students who are not citizens of the United States and who need authorization for special billing of tuition and/or fees to foreign institutions, agencies, or sponsors should go to the International Students and Scholars Office with two copies of the sponsorship letter.
University Regulations

Each person whose enrollment has been completed is considered a student of the University during the term for which they are enrolled unless their connection with the University is officially severed by being withdrawn or for other reasons. No student enrolled in any school or college of the University shall at the same time be enrolled in any other school or college, either of Columbia University or of any other institution, without the specific authorization of the dean or director of the school or college of the University in which they are first enrolled.

The privileges of the University are not available to any student until enrollment has been completed. Students are not permitted to attend any University course for which they are not officially enrolled unless they have been granted auditing privileges.

The University reserves the right to withhold the privileges of registration and enrollment or any other University privilege from any person who has outstanding financial, academic, or administrative obligations to the University.

Continuous registration until completion of all requirements is obligatory for each degree. Students are exempted from the requirement to register continuously only when granted a leave of absence by the Committee on Academic Standing (for undergraduate students) or the Office of Engineering Student Affairs (for graduate students).
Registration Instructions

Registration instructions are announced in advance of each registration period by the Registrar. Students should consult these instructions for the exact dates and times of registration activities. Students must be sure to obtain all necessary written course approvals and advisers’ signatures before registering. Undergraduate students who have not registered for a full-time course load of at least 12 credits by the end of the change of program period will be withdrawn, as will graduate students who have not registered for any coursework by the end of the change of program period. International students enrolled in graduate degree programs must maintain full-time status until degree completion, with the exception of their final term of studies. 
Degree Requirements and Satisfactory Progress
Undergraduate

Undergraduate students are required to complete the School’s degree requirements and graduate in eight academic terms. Full-time undergraduate registration is defined as at least 12 credits per term. However, in order to complete the degree in eight semesters, students must be averaging 16 credits per term. Students may not register for point loads greater than 21 points per term without approval from the Committee on Academic Standing.

To be eligible to receive the Bachelor of Science degree, a student must complete the courses prescribed in a faculty-approved major/program (or faculty-authorized substitutions) and achieve a minimum cumulative grade-point average (GPA) of 2.0. Although the minimum number of academic credits is 128 for the B.S. degree, some programs of the School require a greater number of credits in order to complete all the requirements. Undergraduate engineering degrees are awarded only to students who have completed at least 60 points of coursework that counts for the B.S. degree at Columbia. No credit is earned for duplicate courses or for courses that are taken pass/fail and the final grade is a P, with the exception of two nontechnical electives at the 3000-level or above and physical education courses, as noted below.

Undergraduates in the programs accredited by the Engineering Accreditation Commission of ABET (Biomedical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Civil Engineering, Earth and Environmental Engineering, Electrical Engineering, and Mechanical Engineering) satisfy ABET requirements by taking the courses in prescribed programs, which have been designed by the departments so as to meet the ABET criteria.
Attendance

Students are expected to attend their classes and laboratory periods. Instructors may consider attendance in assessing a student’s performance and may require a certain level of attendance for passing a course.
Graduate

Graduate students are required to complete the School’s degree requirements. Full-time graduate registration is defined as:

    M.S., M.S./Ph.D. track, Eng.Sc.D. students: At least 12 credits per term. A typical course load is 12–15 credits per term, not including the last term.
    Ph.D. students: Registration in the appropriate Residence Unit.

Degree requirements for master’s degrees must be completed within five years; those for the doctoral degrees must be completed within seven years. Degree-seeking students must maintain continuous enrollment during academic terms (Fall and Spring) at Columbia Engineering until all degree requirements are met and their degree is scheduled for conferral. Students who fail to register by the end of the Change of Program Period will be withdrawn if they have not been authorized for a leave of absence. 

Students who need more than the allowable time to complete their degree requirements or students who attempted to graduate but failed to meet degree requirements should submit a petition for a program extension to extend their studies.

A graduate student who has matriculated in a degree program is expected to:

    maintain a cumulative GPA above the minimum requirement and
    make normal progress toward completion of their degree requirements.

A minimum cumulative GPA of 2.5 or the minimum GPA required by the academic department, whichever is higher (in all courses taken as a degree candidate), is required for the M.S. degree. A minimum GPA of 3.0 or the minimum GPA required by the academic department, whichever is higher, is required for the Doctor of Engineering Science (Eng.Sc.D.) and the Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) degrees.

Normal progress toward the degree, to ensure completion of the degree within the necessary timeframe, necessitates that students earn final grades sufficient to count toward the degree in their attempted credits for the semester.

Graduate students who do not meet the minimum cumulative GPA of the school and the department or are not making sufficient progress toward their degree requirements will be placed on Academic Action. Please review the Academic Monitoring section for more information. 
Changes in Registration
Undergraduate

An undergraduate student who wishes to drop or add courses or to make other changes in their program of study after the change of program period must obtain the approval of their CSA Advising Dean. An undergraduate student who wishes to drop or add a course in their major must also obtain department approval. Note: The drop-date for Columbia Core courses is the end of the Change of Program period for the current semester. After these dates, undergraduate students must petition the Committee on Academic Standing to drop a class after the deadlines.

In cases that have been referred for disciplinary action through the Dean’s Discipline process, undergraduate students may not drop from the course in question without a successful petition to the Committee on Academic Standing.
Graduate

Graduate students who wish to drop or add a course or make other course-related changes after the change of program period must obtain approval from their department and their department must submit the relevant paperwork to the Office of Engineering Student Affairs for processing. The deadline for making program changes in each term is shown in the Academic Calendar. After these dates, graduate students must petition the Office of Engineering Student Affairs. For individual courses dropped after the end of the Change of Program period, there will be no tuition refund. Failure to attend a class will be indicated by a permanent unofficial withdrawal (UW) on the transcript.

 In cases that have been referred for disciplinary action through the Dean’s Discipline process, graduate students should contact the Office of Engineering Student Affairs.
Transfer Credits
Undergraduate

Undergraduate students may obtain academic credit toward the B.S. degree by completing coursework at other accredited four-year institutions. Normally, this credit is earned during the summer. To count as credit toward the degree, a course taken elsewhere must have an equivalent at Columbia University and the student must achieve a grade of at least B. An exception to this policy is made for students enrolled in an approved study abroad program. Students in an approved study abroad program will receive transfer credit if they earn a grade of C or higher. To transfer credit, a student must obtain prior approval from their CSA Advising Dean and the department before taking such courses. A course description and syllabus should be furnished as a part of the approval process. Courses taken before the receipt of the high school diploma may not be credited toward the B.S. degree. A maximum of 6 credits may be credited toward the degree for college courses taken following the receipt of a high school diploma and initial enrollment at Columbia University. 
Graduate

For graduate students, Advanced Standing is granted in most cases instead of transfer credits. Advanced Standing refers to a student receiving credit towards their graduate degree program for previously completed graduate-level coursework within the following parameters:

    M.S. students in on-campus programs can earn Advanced Standing toward the M.S. degree for graduate-level coursework (4000 level or above) completed at Columbia University only. No more than 15 points of Advanced Standing can be awarded, and the coursework can not have been counted towards a previous degree, minor, or certificate program. Advanced Standing points must be deemed appropriate and relevant to the degree program of study, as determined by the Department or Program. In most cases, regardless of Advanced Standing points, M.S. students are required to complete a minimum of 15 credits while enrolled as a Columbia Engineering graduate student.
    M.S. students in CVN programs are not eligible for Advanced Standing. They may instead request up to 6 transfer credits for prior graduate-level coursework completed at either Columbia University or another institution. The coursework can not have been counted towards a previous degree, and the transfer credit section in the CVN admission application must be completed. Transfer credits are subject to approval by the faculty committee of the equivalent courses at Columbia Engineering.
    Ph.D. students possessing a conferred master's degree upon entry into a Ph.D. program may be awarded 2 Residence Units toward their Ph.D., as well as 30 points of Advanced Standing toward their Ph.D., with approval from the academic department and the Office of Engineering Student Affairs.
    Eng.Sc.D. students will earn Advanced Standing provided they earned their master's degree outside of Columbia Engineering to reflect their prior completion of an M.S. program. They can earn up to 30 points of Advanced Standing. These Advanced Standing points are separate from the points the students must complete as an Eng.Sc.D. student at Columbia Engineering. 

Examinations

Midterm examinations: Instructors generally schedule these in late October and mid-March.

Final examinations: These are given at the end of each term. The Master University Examination Schedule is available online and is confirmed in November for the fall term and April for the spring term. This schedule is sent to all academic departments and is available for viewing on the Columbia website. Students should consult with their instructors for any changes to the exam schedule. Examinations will not be rescheduled to accommodate travel plans.

Note: If a student has three final examinations scheduled during one calendar day or two exams scheduled at the same time, as certified by the Registrar, an arrangement may be made with one of the student’s instructors to take that examination at another, mutually convenient time during the final examination period. This rule refers to a calendar day, not a 24-hour time period. Undergraduate students unable to make suitable arrangements on their own should contact their CSA Advising Dean. Graduate students should contact the Office of Engineering Student Affairs.
Transcripts and Certifications

Information on obtaining University transcripts and certifications can be found on the Registrar's website. Please visit registrar.columbia.edu/content/transcripts-and-certifications.
Report of Grades

Grades can be viewed by using the Vergil feature located on the Student Services home page at vergil.columbia.edu. If you need an official printed report, you must request a transcript (please see Transcripts and Certifications above).

All graduate students must have a current mailing address on file with the Registrar’s Office.
Transcript Notations

The grading system is as follows: A, excellent; B, good; C, satisfactory; D, poor but passing; F, failure (a final grade not subject to re-examination). Occasionally, P (Pass) is the only passing option available. The grade-point average is computed on the basis of the following index: A=4, B=3, C=2, D=1, F=0. Designations of + or – (used only with A, B, C) are equivalent to 0.33 (i.e., B+=3.33; B–=2.67). Grades of P, IN, YC, CP, UW, W, and MU will not be included in the computation of the grade-point average.

R (registration credit; no qualitative grade earned): not accepted for degree credit in any program. R credit is not available to undergraduate students for academic classes. In some divisions of the University, the instructor may stipulate conditions for the grade and report a failure if those conditions are not satisfied. The R notation will be given only to those students who indicate, upon registration and to the instructor, their intention to take the course for R, or who, with the approval of the instructor, file written notice of change of intention with the registrar not later than the last day for change of program. Students wishing to change to R credit after this date are required to submit written approval from the course instructor to the Office of Engineering Student Affairs (ESA) who will submit it to the registrar. The request to change to R credit must be made by the last day of the change of program period to change a course grading option. A course that has been taken for R credit may not be repeated later for examination credit and cannot be uncovered under any circumstances. The mark of R does not count toward degree requirements for graduate students. The mark of R is automatically given in Doctoral Research Instruction courses.

UW (unofficial withdrawal): given to students who discontinue attendance in a course but are still officially registered for it, or who fail to take a final examination without an authorized excuse.

IN (incomplete): granted only in the case of incapacitating illness as certified by the Health Services at Columbia, serious family emergency, or circumstances of comparable gravity. Undergraduate students request an IN by filling out a petition for an incomplete with their CSA Advising Dean prior to the final exam for the course in the semester of enrollment. Students requesting an IN must gain permission from both the Committee on Academic Standing (CAS) and the instructor. Graduate students should contact their instructor. If granted an IN, students must complete the required work within a period of time stipulated by the instructor but not to exceed one year. After a year, the IN will be automatically changed into an F or the contingency grade. The contingency grade is the grade that the student would earn if they completed no further work in the course, with any missing assignments counted as an F or zero.

YC (year course): a mark given at the end of the first term of a course in which the full year of work must be completed before a qualitative grade is assigned. The grade given at the end of the second term is the grade for the entire course.

CP (credit pending):  given only in graduate research courses in which student research projects regularly extend beyond the end of the term. Upon completion, a final qualitative grade is then assigned and credit allowed. The mark of CP implies satisfactory progress.

MU (make-up examination): given to a student who has failed the final examination in a course but who has been granted the privilege of taking a second examination in an effort to improve their final grade. The privilege is granted only when there is a wide discrepancy between the quality of the student’s work during the term and their performance on the final examination, and when, in the instructor’s judgment, the reasons justify a make-up examination. A student may be granted the mark of MU in only two courses in one term, or, alternatively, in three or more courses in one term if their total point value is not more than 7 credits. The student must remove MU by taking a special examination administered as soon as the instructor can schedule it.

P/F (pass/fail): Undergraduates may select to take only one course that is offered for a letter grade pass/fail each semester. In general, courses taken pass/fail do not count toward degree requirements including the 128-point requirement. There are two exceptions to this rule. Physical Education classes do count toward the 128 point requirement, even though students do not receive letter grades for the class. Additionally, undergraduate students may take up to two courses of the 9-11 nontechnical elective credit on a P/F basis. These courses must be at the 3000 level or higher and must be courses that can be taken P/F by students attending Columbia College (e.g., instruction classes in foreign language and core curriculum classes are not eligible to be taken pass/fail). These 3000-level non-tech elective classes may not count toward a minor if the grade remains a P. Students do have the option of uncovering the letter grade of these two elective 3000-level non-tech classes by the end of the change of program period of the following semester after the course has been completed. Any other course that is taken P/F cannot be uncovered by an undergraduate student. For these classes, the undergraduate student will have to petition the Committee on Academic Standing to uncover the letter grade. Please note that physical education classes are the only courses taught solely on a P/F basis that may apply toward the 128 credits for the degree.

For graduate students, courses taken for the P/F option do not count toward the credits necessary for a student’s degree requirements. Students have until the last day to change a course grading option to elect the P/F option. After that day, there is no uncovering for a letter grade. Additionally, the grading option cannot be changed after a final grade has been assigned.

W (official withdrawal): a mark given to students who, after the drop deadline for the semester, are granted a leave of absence or approved to drop an individual course.The grade of W, meaning “official withdrawal,” will be recorded as the official grade for the course in lieu of a letter grade. 
Name Changes

Columbia University recognizes that some students prefer to identify themselves by a First Name and/or Middle Name, other than their Legal Name. For this reason, beginning in the Spring 2016 semester, the University has enabled students to use a "Preferred Name" where possible in the course of University business and education.

Under Columbia's Preferred Name policy, any student may choose to identify a Preferred First and/or Middle Name in addition to the Legal Name. Students may request this service via a link on SSOL. The student's Preferred Name may be used in many University contexts, including SSOL, class rosters, CourseWorks, and Canvas, and on ID Cards. For some other records, the University is legally required to use a student's Legal Name. However, whenever reasonably possible, a student's "Preferred Name" will be used. Please see registrar.columbia.edu/content/name-and-address-changes for further details.

Students may change their name of record by submitting a name change affidavit to the Student Service Center. Affidavits are available from this office or online at registrar.columbia.edu.
Graduation

Columbia Engineering awards degrees three times during the year: in February, May, and October. There is one Commencement ceremony for the University in May.

Students must meet all program, department, and school requirements to graduate. This includes all required courses, minimum final grades for all courses, transcripts from previous institutions, meeting the minimum GPA requirements, etc. Failure to meet the requirements will disqualify students from a degree conferral. 
Application or Renewal of Application for the Degree

In order to be considered for a degree or certificate, students must file an Application for Degree or Certificate. Students should complete the online Application for Degree available directly within SSOL, under the Degree Application Status tab. For additional support, please follow the instructions on the Registrar’s website. Candidates for Master of Philosophy and doctoral degrees should inquire at their departments but must also follow the instructions of the Dissertation Office.

General application deadlines to submit the Application for the Degree are November 1 for February, January 1 for May, and August 1 for October. (When a deadline falls on a weekend or holiday, the deadline moves to the next business day.) Candidates for Master of Philosophy and doctoral degrees should refer to the Dissertation Office's dissertation dates and deadlines. 

Students who fail to earn the degree by the conferral date for which they applied will be moved to a later conferral date.
Diplomas

There is no charge for the preparation and conferral of an original diploma. If your diploma is lost or damaged, there will be a charge of $100 for a replacement diploma. Note that replacement diplomas carry the signatures of current University officials. Applications for replacement diplomas are available on the Registrar's website: registrar.columbia.edu/registrar-forms/application-replacement-diploma. Any questions regarding graduation or diploma processing should be addressed to diplomas@columbia.edu.

Academic Standing
Academic Honors
Dean’s List

To be eligible for Dean’s List honors, an undergraduate student must achieve a grade-point average of 3.5 or better and complete at least 15 graded credits with no unauthorized incompletes, UWs, or grades lower than C.
Honors Awarded with the Degree

At the end of the academic year, a select portion of the candidates for the Bachelor of Science degree who have achieved the highest academic cumulative grade-point average are accorded Latin honors. Latin honors are awarded in three categories (cum laude, magna cum laude, and summa cum laude) to no more than 25 percent of the graduating class, with no more than 5 percent summa cum laude, 10 percent magna cum laude, and 10 percent cum laude. Honors are awarded on the overall record of graduating seniors who will have completed a minimum of four semesters at Columbia upon graduation. Students who enter Columbia through the Combined Plan program are eligible for honors based on four semesters at Columbia. Students may not apply for honors.
Academic Monitoring

The SEAS Faculty Committee on Instruction determines academic policies and regulations for the School. Academic performance is reviewed by advisers at the end of each Fall and Spring semester. The Undergraduate Committee on Academic Standing and the Office of Engineering Student Affairs are expected to uphold the policies and regulations of the Committee on Instruction and determine when circumstances warrant exceptions to them.
Undergraduate

The Undergraduate Committee on Academic Standing, in consultation with the departments, meets to review undergraduate grades and progress toward the degree. Indicators of academic well-being are grades that average above 2.0 each term, making adequate progress for the completion of their degree program, with no incomplete grades.

Possible academic sanctions include:

    Warning: C– or below in any core science course or in a required course for their major; low points toward degree completion
    Academic Probation: Students will be placed on academic probation if they meet any of the conditions below:
        fall below a 2.0 GPA in a given semester
        have not completed 12 points successfully in a given semester
        have not completed chemistry, physics, University Writing, The Art of Engineering, and calculus during the first year
        receive a D, F, UW, or unauthorized Incomplete in any first-year/sophomore required courses
        receive a D, F, UW, or unauthorized Incomplete in any course required for the major
        receive straight C’s in the core science courses (chemistry, calculus, physics) or in required courses for their major
        not making significant progress toward the degree
    Continued Probation: Students who are already on probation and fail to meet the minimum requirements as stated in their sanction letter.
    Strict Probation: Students who are already on probation, fail to meet the minimum requirements as stated in their sanction letter, and are far below minimum expectations. This sanction is typically applied when there are signs of severe academic difficulty.
    Suspension and Dismissal: Students who have been placed on academic probation and who fail to be restored to good academic standing in the following semester can be considered either for suspension or dismissal by the Undergraduate Committee on Academic Standing. The decision to suspend or dismiss a student will be made by the Committee on Academic Standing in the Berick Center for Student Advising and the Dean’s Office in close consultation with the student’s departmental adviser when the student has declared a major. In cases of suspension, the student will be required to make up the deficiencies in their academic record by taking appropriate courses at a four-year accredited institution. Students must be able to complete their degree requirements in their eighth semester at Columbia after readmission. If this is not achievable, then students should be considered for dismissal instead. 

The courses that the student must take will be determined by the Undergraduate Committee of Academic Standing and by the student’s departmental adviser when the student has declared a major. All proposed courses will be reviewed by the appropriate faculty who teach the equivalent classes at Columbia University. All courses that are being taken to fulfill a major requirement or as a technical elective must be approved by the student’s departmental adviser. Courses being taken to count as a nontech elective or to count as general credit would only require the approval of the student's Advising Dean in the Berick Center for Student Advising. The existing procedures for the approval of outside credit will be followed in these cases. Students must receive a grade of B or better for the credit to be transferred.
Graduate

For graduate students, the Office of Engineering Student Affairs and its departments monitor the academic progress of graduate students. If a student's academic performance (based on GPA and/or degree progress) indicates cause for concern, they may be put on Academic Action and be guided toward resources and support. Examples of Academic Actions may include Academic Warming, Academic Probation, Strict Academic Probation, or Academic Dismissal. 

Students will be placed on Academic Action if their cumulative GPA is below 2.5 or the minimum GPA required by the academic department, whichever is higher. Students may also be placed on Academic Action if they are not making satisfactory progress toward their degree. Doctoral students can also be placed on Academic Action if they are not making satisfactory progress toward their dissertation and doctoral milestones. Students who are on Academic Action and do not return to good standing after one semester may be dismissed from the program. 


Academic Integrity and Discipline
Academic Integrity

Academic integrity defines a university and is essential to the mission of education. At Columbia, you are expected to participate in an academic community that honors intellectual work and respects its origins. The abilities to synthesize information and produce original work are key components in the learning process. As such, a violation of academic integrity is one of the most serious offenses that one can commit at Columbia. If found responsible, violations range from disciplinary warning to expulsion from the University. Compromising academic integrity not only jeopardizes a student's academic, professional, and social development; it also violates the standards of our community. As a Columbia student, you are responsible for making informed choices with regard to academic integrity both inside and outside of the classroom.

Students rarely set out with the intent of engaging in violations of academic integrity. But classes are challenging at Columbia, and students may find themselves pressed for time, unprepared for an assignment or exam, or feeling that the risk of earning a poor grade outweighs the need to be thorough. Such circumstances lead some students to behave in a manner that compromises the integrity of the academic community, disrespects their instructors and classmates, and deprives them of an opportunity to learn. Students who find themselves in such circumstances should immediately contact their instructor and adviser for advice.

For undergraduate students, another resource is the Academic section of the Live Well | Learn Well site at wellbeing.columbia.edu/resources for Academic resources and support.

The easiest way to avoid academic integrity issues is to prepare yourself as best you can. Below are some basic suggestions to help:

    Discuss with each of your faculty their expectations for maintaining academic integrity.
    Understand that you have a student responsibility to uphold academic integrity based on the expectations outlined in each of your course syllabi.
    Understand instructors' criteria for academic integrity and their policies on citation and group collaboration.
    Clarify any questions or concerns about assignments with instructors as early as possible.
    Develop a timeline for drafts and final edits of assignments and begin preparation in advance.
    Avoid plagiarism: acknowledge people’s opinions and theories by carefully citing their words and always indicating sources.
    Assume that collaboration in the completion of assignments is prohibited unless specified by the instructor.
    Utilize the campus resources, such as the Berick Center for Student Advising, Counseling and Psychological Services (CPS), and Engineering Student Affairs, if feeling overwhelmed, burdened or pressured.
    Attend Academic Integrity workshops offered throughout the academic year.
    If you suspect that an academic integrity violation may have occurred, know that you can talk to your instructor, Advising Dean, Director of Academic Integrity, Office of Engineering Student Affairs, or the Student Conduct and Community Standards Office to report any allegations of academic misconduct.

Students found responsible of an academic integrity violation may not be eligible to receive Latin Honors at Class Day or ineligible to take on leadership positions for a period of time and/or other distinctions.
Plagiarism and Acknowledgment of Sources

Columbia has always believed that writing effectively is one of the most important goals a college student can achieve. Students will be asked to do a great deal of written work while at Columbia, for instance: term papers, coding problem sets, seminar presentations, laboratory reports, and analytical essays of different lengths. These papers play a major role in course performance, but more importantly, they play a major role in intellectual development. Columbia's academic integrity policy in the Standards & Discipline defines plagiarism as “the use of words, phrases, or ideas belonging to the student, without properly citing or acknowledging the source, is prohibited. This may include, but is not limited to, copying computer programs for the purposes of completing assignments for submission.”

One of the most prevalent forms of plagiarism involves students using information from the Internet without proper citation. While the Internet can provide a wealth of information, sources obtained from the web must be properly cited just like any other source. If you are uncertain how to properly cite a source of information that is not your own, whether from the Internet or elsewhere, it is critical that you do not hand in your work until you have learned the proper way to use in-text references, footnotes, and bibliographies. Faculty members or Teaching Assistants are available to help as questions arise about proper citations, references, and the appropriateness of group work on assignments. Students can also check with the Writing Center directly. Another option is to connect with Research Librarians who facilitate monthly citation management workshops online and in person. Information on these workshops is posted online on the Columbia Libraries website. Undergraduate students can also meet with the Director of Academic Integrity to review citation styles or options for academic support by emailing ugrad-integrity@columbia.edu. Graduate students should consult with the Office of Engineering Student Affairs in 530 Mudd or by emailing seas-conduct@columbia.edu. Ignorance of proper citation methods or academic integrity policies does not exonerate one from responsibility.
Personal Responsibility, Finding Support, and More Information

A student’s education at Columbia University consists of two complementary components: a mastery over intellectual material within a discipline and the overall development of moral character and personal ethics. Participating in forms of academic dishonesty violates the standards of our community at Columbia and severely inhibits a student’s chance to grow academically, professionally, and socially. As such, Columbia’s approach to academic integrity is informed by its explicit belief that students must take full responsibility for their actions, meaning you will need to make informed choices inside and outside the classroom. Columbia offers a wealth of resources to help students make sound decisions regarding academics, extracurricular activities, and personal issues. Undergraduate students should consult their Advising Dean or meet with the Director of Academic Integrity in Suite 601 in Lerner Hall. Graduate students should consult the Office of Engineering Student Affairs in 530 Mudd.
Academic Integrity Policies and Expectations

Violations of policy may be intentional or unintentional and may include dishonesty in academic assignments or in dealing with University officials, including faculty and staff members. Moreover, dishonesty during the Dean’s Discipline hearing process may result in more serious consequences.

Types of academic integrity violations:

    Academic Dishonesty, Facilitation of: Knowingly or negligently engaging in behavior that assists another student in a violation of academic integrity is prohibited. 
    Assistance, Unauthorized: Giving unauthorized assistance to another student or receiving unauthorized assistance from another person on tests, quizzes, assignments or examinations, without the instructor’s permission, is prohibited.
    Bribery: Offering or giving any favor or something of value for the purpose of improperly influencing a grade or other evaluation of a student in an academic program is prohibited. 
    Cheating: Using or attempting to use unauthorized materials, information, study aids, or the ideas or work of another in order to gain an unfair advantage is prohibited. Cheating includes, but is not limited to, the possession, giving of, use, or consultation of unauthorized materials or using unauthorized equipment or devices on tests, quizzes, assignments or examinations, working on any examination, test, quiz or assignment outside of the time constraints imposed, the unauthorized use of prescription medication to enhance academic performance, or submitting an altered examination or assignment to an instructor for re-grading.
    Collaboration, Unauthorized: Collaborating on academic work without the instructor’s permission is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to, unauthorized collaboration on tests, quizzes, assignments, labs, and projects. 
    Dishonesty: Falsification, forgery, or misrepresentation of information to any University official in order to gain an unfair academic advantage in coursework or lab work, on any application, petition, or documents submitted to the University, is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to, falsifying information on a résumé, fabrication of credentials or academic records, misrepresenting one’s own research, providing false or misleading information in order to be excused from classes or assignments, or intentionally underperforming on a placement exam. Furthermore, another party providing false information on another student’s behalf is prohibited.
    Ethics, Honor Codes, and Professional Standards, Violation of: Violating established institutional policies related to the ethics, honor codes, or professional standards of a student’s respective school is prohibited. 
    Failing to Safeguard Work: Failure to take precautions to safeguard one’s own work is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: leaving work on public computers; sharing work with other students for a completed course without authorization from the course instructor; and sharing course notes without instructor authorization.
    Giving or Taking Academic Materials, Unauthorized: Unauthorized taking, circulating, or sharing of past or present course material(s) without the instructor’s permission is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to, assignments, exams, lab reports, notebooks, and papers. Methods of obtainment and distribution include but are not limited to: taking photographs, videos, or screenshots; uploading to public websites (i.e. CourseHero, Github, etc.); emailing or other messaging platforms; sharing through Courseworks or Canvas; or taking and/or distributing unauthorized recordings of lectures/course instructions/office hours.
    Obtaining Advanced Knowledge: Unauthorized advance access to exams or other assignments without an instructor’s permission is prohibited.
    Plagiarism: The use of words, phrases, or ideas that do not belong to the student, without properly citing or acknowledging the source, is prohibited. This may include, but is not limited to, copying computer code for the purposes of completing assignments for submission. 
    Sabotage: Deliberately and/or intentionally harming or attempting to harm someone else's academic performance is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: altering another student’s experiment data; disrupting the experiments or tests of others; taking actions which prevent others from completing work; or making modifications to parts of a group project without the knowledge of contributors.
    Self-Plagiarism: Using any material portion of an assignment to fulfill the requirements of more than one course, without the instructor’s permission, is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to, submitting original writing or any previous assignments (including assignments submitted for a prior course and/or degree). 
    Test Conditions, Violations of: Compromising a testing environment, violating specific testing conditions, and/or violating test instructions to intentionally or unintentionally create access to an unfair advantage for oneself or others, is prohibited (for a prior course and/or degree). 
    Use of Artificial Intelligence Tools, Unauthorized: Absent a clear statement from a course instructor granting permission, the use of generative Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools to complete an assignment or exam is prohibited. The unauthorized use of AI shall be treated similarly to unauthorized assistance and/or plagiarism.

For more information regarding Generative AI Policy, please visit the Office of the Provost Generative AI Policy webpage. 
Disciplinary Procedures

Many policy violations that occur in the residence halls or within fraternity and sorority housing are handled by the Office of Residential Life. More serious offenses are referred directly to Student Conduct and Community Standards. Violations in University Apartment Housing are handled by building managers and housing officials. Some incidents regarding graduate students are referred directly to the School’s housing liaison in the Office of Engineering Student Affairs.

In matters involving rallies, picketing, and other mass demonstrations, the Rules of University Conduct outlines procedures.
Dean’s Discipline Process for Undergraduate and Graduate Students

It is expected that all students act in an honest way and respect the rights of others at all times. Dean's Discipline is the process utilized to investigate and respond to allegations of behavioral or academic misconduct. The Dean's Discipline process is not meant to be an adversarial or legal process, but instead aims to educate students about the impact their behavior may have on their own lives as well as on the greater community.

The process is initiated when an allegation is reported that a student may have violated University policies. Students may be subject to Dean's Discipline for any activity that occurs on or off campus that impinges on the rights of other students and community members. This also includes violations of local, state, or federal laws.

Student Conduct and Community Standards is responsible for administering the Dean's Discipline disciplinary process for all disciplinary affairs concerning undergraduate students that are not reserved to some other body. The Office of Engineering Student Affairs is responsible for all disciplinary affairs concerning graduate students that are not reserved to some other body.

Students are expected to familiarize themselves with the Standards & Discipline handbook and the policies and expectations available on the Student Conduct and Community Standards website at cssi.columbia.edu, which is part of the required Academic Integrity Tutorial modules in CourseWorks. The Bulletin is also not to be considered the sole or comprehensive guide to policies at Columbia. Students should consult the policies and expectations of the various offices and departments for additional guidance.

Students found responsible for reportable violations of conduct, including academic integrity violations, will need to report such offenses on future recommendations for law, medical, or graduate school. Students found responsible for any violations of conduct may be disqualified from receiving Latin Honors or other awards. They may also be disqualified from participating in internships or other leadership roles. The parents or guardians of undergraduate students may also be notified in cases of receiving a sanctioned outcome of Disciplinary Probation or higher.

For more information about the discipline process for undergraduate students, please review the Academic Integrity website or Student Conduct and Community Standards. For more information about the discipline process for graduate students, please contact the Office of Engineering Student Affairs.
Confidentiality

Privacy and Reporting: Disciplinary proceedings conducted by the University are subject to the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA," also called "The Buckley Amendment"). There are several important exceptions to FERPA that will allow the University to release information to third parties without a student's consent. For example, the release of student disciplinary records is permitted without prior student consent to University officials with a legitimate educational interest such as a student's academic adviser, and to Columbia Athletics if the student is an athlete. The University will also release information when a student gives written permission for information to be shared. To obtain a FERPA waiver, please visit columbia.edu/cu/studentconduct/documents/FerpaRelease.pdf. To read more about the exceptions that apply to the disclosure of student records information, please visit the University Policies website at universitypolicies.columbia.edu.


Enrollment Adjustments
Leave of Absence

A Leave of Absence is an authorized, temporary break from academic participation. Leave requests (as well as requests to return from leave) require approval from the appropriate office as outlined in detail for each request type. 
Medical Leave of Absence

A medical leave of absence for an undergraduate student is granted by the James H. and Christine Turk Berick Center for Student Advising to an undergraduate student whose health prevents them from successfully pursuing full-time study. Undergraduates who take a medical leave of absence are guaranteed housing upon their return if they were already guaranteed housing. Students on medical leave may be eligible to continue participation in University-sponsored health insurance; please contact studentinsurance@columbia.edu for additional details. 

Documentation from a physician or counselor must be provided before such a leave is granted. In order to apply for readmission following a medical leave, a student must submit proof of recovery from a physician or counselor. Please visit the CSA website for further details. 

A medical leave for an undergraduate student is for a minimum of one year and cannot be longer than two years. 

When a medical leave of absence is granted during the course of the semester, the fact that the student was enrolled for the semester and withdrew will be recorded on the student's transcript. The date of the withdrawal will also appear on the transcript. If the leave begins prior to the drop deadline, then the specific courses that the student is enrolled in will be deleted from the student's record. If after the drop deadline, the course grades will typically result in W (Official Withdrawal) in all courses. In certain circumstances, a student may qualify for an IN (Incomplete), which would have to be completed within two semesters after the student returns to Columbia. If the Incomplete is not completed by that time, an F or contingency grade such as W will be inserted as the final grade.

In exceptional cases, an undergraduate student may apply for readmission following a one-term medical leave of absence. In addition to providing a personal statement and supporting medical documentation for the Medical Leave Readmission Committee to review, the student will also need to provide a well-developed academic plan that has been approved by their departmental adviser and their Advising Dean as part of the readmission process. This plan must demonstrate that their return to Columbia Engineering following a one-semester leave of absence will allow the student to properly follow the sequence of courses as required for the major and to meet all other graduation requirements by their eighth semester. The final decision regarding whether or not a student will be allowed to be readmitted after a one-semester leave will be made by the Medical Leave Readmission Committee. 

During the course of the leave, students are not permitted to take any courses for the purpose of transferring credit and are not permitted to be on campus. For more information about the medical leave of absence policy, undergraduates should consult their CSA Advising Dean. 

Leave requests require approval from the student's Department and Engineering Student Affairs. All leave requests must adhere to the General Leave of Absence Policy guidelines.

Columbia Engineering graduate students can take a medical leave during the spring and fall semesters. Medical leaves, however, are available only to enrolled students whose academic and administrative standing (as defined by the school and the student's department) permits them to continue in the degree program when they return from leave. Medical leave for a given semester must be submitted by that semester's final day of classes. In the case of a student under disciplinary sanction or with a pending disciplinary proceeding, the Deans of Engineering Student Affairs may attach conditions to the leave of absence to ensure that the student cannot avoid such sanction or submission to the proceeding due to their leave.

Doctoral students must be approved by their academic department, have a faculty advisor, and have funding from their faculty advisor and/or academic department prior to and when returning from an approved medical leave.

Further information about the Policy and procedures is on the Change of Status website.
Voluntary Leave of Absence

A voluntary leave of absence may be granted to eligible students who require a break from their studies due to personal reasons.

A voluntary leave of absence (VLOA) may be granted by the Committee on Academic Standing to undergraduate students who request a temporary withdrawal from Columbia Engineering for a nonmedical reason. Students considering a voluntary leave must discuss this option in advance with their CSA Advising Dean. Voluntary leaves are granted for a period of one academic year only for undergraduate students; VLOAs will ordinarily not be granted for one semester, or for more than one year. Students must be in good academic standing at the time of the leave and must be able to complete their major and degree in eight semester. Please visit the CSA website for future details. 

When a voluntary leave of absence is granted during the course of the semester, the fact that the student was enrolled for the semester and withdrew will be recorded on the student’s transcript. The specific courses that the student is enrolled in for the semester will be deleted if the leave begins prior to the drop deadline. If after the drop deadline, the course grades will normally be a W (Official Withdrawal) in all courses. In certain circumstances, a student may qualify for an IN (Incomplete).

In exceptional cases, an undergraduate may apply for readmission following a one-term voluntary leave of absence. The student will need to provide to the Committee on Academic Standing a well-developed academic plan that has been approved by the departmental adviser and the Berick Center for Student Advising as part of the admission process. This plan must demonstrate that their return to Columbia Engineering following a one-semester voluntary leave of absence will allow the student to properly follow the sequence of courses as required for the major and to meet all other graduation requirements by their eighth semester. The Committee on Academic Standing will review the student's academic plan and request for readmission. The deadlines for petitioning for readmission are June 1 for the fall semester and November 1 for the spring semester. Undergraduates should consult the voluntary leave of absence policy statement available on the website of the Berick Center for Student Advising for more information regarding the readmission procedures from a voluntary leave of absence. 

During the course of the leave, students are not permitted to take any courses for the purpose of transferring credit and are not permitted to be on campus. For more information about the voluntary leave of absence policy, undergraduates should consult their CSA Advising Dean.

Finally, students on a voluntary leave of absence must vacate University housing and are not eligible for University-sponsored health insurance. Students who choose to take voluntary leaves are not guaranteed housing upon return to the University. Undergraduate students who go on leave during their first year and had guaranteed housing prior to their leave are guaranteed housing upon readmission. International students should contact the International Students and Scholars Office to ensure that a leave will not jeopardize their ability to return to Columbia Engineering

A voluntary leave of absence (VLOA) for a graduate student is granted by the Office of Engineering Student Affairs. Voluntary leaves are granted for a minimum of one semester, up to one year (or two semesters) total. A graduate student must have been registered for at least one semester and have a minimum cumulative 2.5 GPA to request a voluntary leave. Additionally, doctoral students must have a faculty adviser and funding from their faculty adviser and/or academic department prior to and when returning from an approved voluntary leave of absence. The deadline to request a voluntary leave for a given term is the drop deadline for that term. VLOA requests made after the drop deadline may only be granted in exceptional circumstances. 

When a voluntary leave of absence is granted during the course of the semester, the semester coursework will be deleted if the leave begins prior to the drop deadline. If after the drop deadline, the course grades will result in W (Official Withdrawal) in all courses. In certain circumstances, a student may qualify for an IN (Incomplete). For graduate students, an IN would have to be completed within two semesters after the student returns to Columbia. If the Incomplete is not completed by that time, an F or contingency grade such as W will be inserted as the final grade.

Students on a voluntary leave of absence must vacate University housing and are not eligible for University-sponsored health insurance.

A graduate student may request to return from a voluntary leave of absence for the fall or spring terms. A request to return must be made before the return semester begins. It is recommended that students submit the request to return form well in advance of the semester that they wish to return for. Please note that return requests are not processed until April 1 for fall returns/November 1 for spring returns. Please contact the Office of Engineering Student Affairs for more information. 

Students may not take courses for transferable credit while on leave. Finally, students who choose to take voluntary leaves are not guaranteed housing upon return to the University. International students should contact the International Students and Scholars Office to ensure that a leave will not jeopardize their ability to return to the school.
Undergraduate Emergency Family Leave of Absence

Undergraduate students who must leave the University for urgent family reasons that necessitate a semester-long absence (e.g., family death or serious illness in the family) may request an emergency family leave of absence. Documentation of the serious nature of the emergency must be provided. Students must request an emergency family leave of absence from their Advising Dean in the James H. and Christine Turk Berick Center for Student Advising.

When an emergency family leave of absence is granted during the course of the semester, the fact that the student was enrolled for the semester and withdrew will be recorded on the student transcript. The specific courses that the student is enrolled in for the semester will be deleted if the leave begins prior to the drop deadline. If after the drop deadline, the course grades will normally be W (official withdrawal) in all courses. In certain circumstances, a student may qualify for an Incomplete, which would have to be completed by the first week of the semester in which the student returns to Columbia. If the Incomplete is not completed by that time, a W will be inserted.

To return, students must notify the Berick Center for Student Advising as soon as possible, ideally by November 1 for the spring semester and June 1 for the fall semester. Students must request readmission in writing and submit a statement describing their readiness to return. Students who were guaranteed housing prior to taking an emergency family leave are guaranteed housing upon readmission. Students may request permission to return after one semester as long as they can demonstrate that they can remain in sequence with their coursework and have the prior approval of the departmental adviser.

This plan must demonstrate that their return to Columbia Engineering following a one-semester leave of absence will allow the student to properly follow the sequence of courses as required for the major and to meet all other graduation requirements by their eighth semester. 

Students who decide not to return must notify the James H. and Christine Turk Berick Center for Student Advising of their decision. The date of separation for the leave of absence will be the date of separation for withdrawal. Leaves may not extend beyond four semesters. Students who do not notify the Berick Center for Student Advising of their intentions by the end of the two-year period will be permanently withdrawn.
Leave for Military Duty

Please refer to the Military Leave of Absence Policy in University Policies at universitypolicies.columbia.edu for recent updates regarding leave for military duty.
Involuntary Leave of Absence Policy

Please refer to the Involuntary Leave of Absence Policy in University Policies at universitypolicies.columbia.edu.
Withdrawal 

Student may withdraw if they wish to permanently discontinue their program of study. Students are strongly recommended to consult their advisor and/or Department prior to withdrawal. 

Students who withdraw during a semester before the drop deadline have the semester coursework deleted. If after the drop deadline, the course grades will result in W (Official Withdrawal) in all courses. Students who withdraw must vacate University housing and forfeit University-sponsored insurance.
Readmission

Students who withdrew or were withdrawn may be eligible to apply for readmission to the school. Specific readmission procedures are determined by the reasons for and timeframe of the withdrawal. 

Students who decide not to return must notify the James H. and Christine Turk Berick Center for Student Advising of their decision. The date of separation for the leave of absence will be the date of separation for withdrawal. Leaves may not extend beyond four semesters. Students who do not notify the Berick Center for Student Advising of their intentions by the end of the two-year period will be permanently withdrawn. 

Further information for undergraduate students is available in the Berick Center for Student Advising. Undergraduate students applying for readmission should complete all parts of the appropriate readmission procedures by June 1 for the fall term or November 1 for the spring term.

Graduate students applying for readmission must complete a change of status application and should consult the Office of Engineering Student Affairs for additional information. Students are only eligible if their withdrawal date is within one year of their readmission request. Students who were withdrawn from the school due to a dismissal are not eligible to apply for readmission. 

Readmission requests should be submitted for the next commencing Fall or Spring term. Requests are not processed until April 1 for fall returns/November 1 for spring returns.

Readmission is not guaranteed - such requests are reviewed by the student’s academic department and the Office of Engineering Student Affairs. Students who fail to apply for readmission within the outlined one-year timeframe can only return to the school by submitting an application to the Office of Graduate Admissions. Submitting an admission application does not guarantee reinstatement and is subject to review by the Department and the School’s admissions committees.


ACADEMIC Calendar

Filter By
Filter by Keyword
Audience
Type
School/Program
Martin Luther King Jr. Birthday
Spring 2026
Jan
19
2026
Mon
University Holiday: Administrative and Academic Offices Closed; No Classes Held
First Day of Classes
Spring 2026
Jan
20
2026
Tue
Change of Program Deadline
Spring 2026
Jan
30
2026
Fri
Last Day to Add Class, Last Day to Receive Tuition Refund for Class Dropped
February Degrees Conferred
Spring 2026
Feb
11
2026
Wed
Course Drop Deadline
Spring 2026
Feb
24
2026
Tue
Midterm Date
Spring 2026
Mar
9
2026
Mon
Spring Recess
Spring 2026
Mar
16
2026
Mon
Mar
20
2026
Fri
Academic Holiday: Administrative Offices Open; No Classes Held
Pass/Fail Deadline
Spring 2026
Mar
26
2026
Thu
Course Drop Deadline
Spring 2026
Mar
26
2026
Thu
Upcoming Term Registration Begins
Spring 2026
Apr
13
2026
Mon
Apr
17
2026
Fri
Register for Fall Semester.
Pass/Fail Deadline
Spring 2026
May
4
2026
Mon
Last Day of Classes
Spring 2026
May
4
2026
Mon
Study Days
Spring 2026
May
5
2026
Tue
May
7
2026
Thu
Final Exams
Spring 2026
May
8
2026
Fri
May
15
2026
Fri
Commencement
Spring 2026
May
20
2026
Wed
June Degrees Conferred
Spring 2026
Jun
30
2026
Tue
CUIMC
Labor Day
Fall 2026
Sep
7
2026
Mon
University Holiday: Administrative and Academic Offices Closed; No Classes Held
First Day of Classes
Fall 2026
Sep
8
2026
Tue
Change of Program Deadline
Fall 2026
Sep
18
2026
Fri
Last Day to Add Class, Last Day to Receive Tuition Refund for Class Dropped
Course Drop Deadline
Fall 2026
Oct
13
2026
Tue
October Degrees Conferred
Fall 2026
Oct
21
2026
Wed
Midterm Date
Fall 2026
Oct
22
2026
Thu
Academic Holiday
Fall 2026
Nov
2
2026
Mon
Academic Holiday: Administrative Offices Open; No Classes Held
Election Day
Fall 2026
Nov
3
2026
Tue
University Holiday: Administrative and Academic Offices Closed; No Classes Held
Upcoming Term Registration Begins
Fall 2026
Nov
16
2026
Mon
Nov
25
2026
Wed
Register for Spring Semester.
Pass/Fail Deadline
Fall 2026
Nov
19
2026
Thu
Course Drop Deadline
Fall 2026
Nov
19
2026
Thu
Academic Holiday
Fall 2026
Nov
25
2026
Wed
Academic Holiday: Administrative Offices Open; No Classes Held
Thanksgiving
Fall 2026
Nov
26
2026
Thu
University Holiday: Administrative and Academic Offices Closed; No Classes Held
University Holiday
Fall 2026
Nov
27
2026
Fri
University Holiday: Administrative and Academic Offices Closed; No Classes Held
Last Day of Classes
Fall 2026
Dec
14
2026
Mon
Study Days
Fall 2026
Dec
15
2026
Tue
Dec
16
2026
Wed
Final Exams
Fall 2026
Dec
17
2026
Thu
Dec
23
2026
Wed
Martin Luther King Jr. Birthday
Spring 2027
Jan
18
2027
Mon
University Holiday: Administrative and Academic Offices Closed; No Classes Held
First Day of Classes
Spring 2027
Jan
19
2027
Tue
Change of Program Deadline
Spring 2027
Jan
29
2027
Fri
Last Day to Add Class, Last Day to Receive Tuition Refund for Class Dropped
February Degrees Conferred
Spring 2027
Feb
10
2027
Wed
Course Drop Deadline
Spring 2027
Feb
23
2027
Tue
Midterm Date
Spring 2027
Mar
8
2027
Mon
Spring Recess
Spring 2027
Mar
15
2027
Mon
Mar
19
2027
Fri
Academic Holiday: Administrative Offices Open; No Classes Held
Pass/Fail Deadline
Spring 2027
Mar
25
2027
Thu
Course Drop Deadline
Spring 2027
Mar
25
2027
Thu
Upcoming Term Registration Begins
Spring 2027
Apr
12
2027
Mon
Apr
16
2027
Fri
Register for Fall Semester.
Last Day of Classes
Spring 2027
May
3
2027
Mon
Study Days
Spring 2027
May
4
2027
Tue
May
6
2027
Thu
Final Exams
Spring 2027
May
7
2027
Fri
May
14
2027
Fri
June Degrees Conferred
Spring 2027
Jun
30
2027
Wed
CUIMC
Labor Day
Fall 2027
Sep
6
2027
Mon
University Holiday: Administrative and Academic Offices Closed; No Classes Held
First Day of Classes
Fall 2027
Sep
7
2027
Tue
Change of Program Deadline
Fall 2027
Sep
17
2027
Fri
Last Day to Add Class, Last Day to Receive Tuition Refund for Class Dropped