Undergraduate Tuition, Fees, and Payments

The 2025–2026 tuition and fees are estimated. Tuition and fees are prescribed by statute and are subject to change at the discretion of the Trustees.

University charges such as tuition, fees, and residence hall and meal plans are billed in the first Student Account Statement of the term, which is sent out in July and December of each year for the upcoming term. This account is payable and due in full on or before the payment due date announced in the Statement, typically at the end of August or early January before the beginning of the billed term. Any student who does not receive the first Student Account Statement is expected to pay at registration.

If the University does not receive the full amount due for the term on or before the payment due date of the first Statement, a late payment charge of $150 will be assessed. An additional charge of 1.5 percent per billing cycle may be imposed on any amount past due thereafter.

Students with an overdue account balance may be prohibited from registering, changing programs, or obtaining a diploma or transcripts. In the case of persistently delinquent accounts, the University may utilize the services of an attorney and/or collection agent to collect any amount past due. If a student’s account is referred for collection, the student may be charged an additional amount equal to the cost of collection, including reasonable attorney’s fees and expenses incurred by the University.
Tuition

Undergraduate students enrolled in The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science pay a flat tuition charge of $35,085 per term, regardless of the number of course credits taken. Postgraduate special students and degree candidates enrolled for a ninth term are billed according to the per-point system; the per-point cost is $2,258.

Fees
Mandatory Fees
Fees
Fee 	Cost
Orientation fee: 	$625 (one-time charge in the first term of registration)
Student Life fee: 	$917 per term
Health and Related Services fee: 	$723 per term
International Services charge: 	$170 per term (international students only)
Document fee: 	$105 (one-time charge)
Other Fees
Fees
Fee 	Cost
Application for undergraduate admission: 	$85
Application for undergraduate transfer admission: 	$85
Late registration fee during late registration: 	$50
After late registration: 	$100
Fees
Fee 	Cost
Books and course materials: 	Depends upon course
Laboratory fees: 	See course listings
Room and board (estimated): 	$18,680 for first year students


Health Insurance and Other Expenses
Health Insurance

Columbia University offers the Student Medical Insurance Plan, which provides both Basic and Comprehensive levels of coverage. Full-time students are automatically enrolled in the Basic level of the Plan and billed for the insurance premium in addition to the Health Service fee. Visit the Columbia Health website at health.columbia.edu for detailed information about medical insurance coverage options and directions for making confirmation, enrollment, or waiver requests.
Personal Expenses

Students should expect to incur miscellaneous personal expenses for such items as clothing, linen, laundry, dry cleaning, and so forth. Students should also add to the above expenses the cost of two round trips between home and the University to cover travel during the summer and the month-long, midyear break.

The University advises students to open a local bank account upon arrival in New York City. Since it often takes as long as three weeks for the first deposit to clear, students should plan to cover immediate expenses using either a credit card, traveler’s checks, or cash draft drawn on a local bank. Students are urged not to arrive in New York without sufficient start-up funds.
Laboratory Charges

Students may need to add another $100 to $300 for drafting materials or laboratory fees in certain courses. Each student taking laboratory courses must furnish, at their own expense, the necessary notebooks, blank forms, and similar supplies. In some laboratory courses, a fee is charged to cover expendable materials and equipment maintenance. Students engaged in special tests, investigations, theses, or research work are required to meet the costs of expendable materials as may be necessary for this work and in accordance with such arrangements as may be made between the student and the department immediately concerned.
Damages

All students will be charged for damage to instruments or apparatus caused by their carelessness. The amount of the charge will be the actual cost of repair, and, if the damage results in total loss of the apparatus, adjustment will be made in the charge for age or condition. To ensure that there may be no question as to the liability for damage, students should note whether the apparatus is in good condition before use and, in case of difficulty, request instruction in its proper operation. Where there is danger of costly damage, an instructor should be requested to inspect the apparatus. Liability for breakage will be decided by the instructor in charge of the course.

When the laboratory work is done by a group, charges for breakage will be divided among the members of the group. The students responsible for any damage will be notified that a charge is being made against them. The amount of the charge will be stated at that time or as soon as it can be determined.



Tuition and Fee Refunds

Students who make a complete withdrawal from a term are assessed a withdrawal fee of $75. Late fees, application fees, withdrawal fees, tuition deposits, special fees, computer fees, special examination fees, and transcript fees are not refundable.

The Health Service Fee, Health Insurance Premium, University facilities fees, and student activity fees are not refundable.

Students who withdraw within the first 60 percent of the academic period are subject to a refund calculation, which refunds a portion of tuition based on the percentage of the term remaining after the time of withdrawal. This calculation is made from the date the student’s written notice of withdrawal is received by the Dean’s Office.
Percentage Refund for Withdrawal during First Nine Weeks of Term

Prorated for calendars of a different duration:
Engineering - Percentage Refund for Withdrawal During First Nine Weeks of Term
Week 	Percentage Refund
1st week 	100%
2nd week 	100%
3rd week 	90%
4th week 	80%
5th week 	70%
6th week 	60%
7th week 	50%
8th week 	40%
9th week and after 	0%

For students receiving federal student aid, refunds will be made to the federal aid programs in accordance with Department of Education regulations. Refunds will be credited in the following order:

    Federal Unsubsidized Stafford Loans

    Federal Stafford Loans

    Federal Perkins Loans

    Federal PLUS Loans (when disbursed through the University)

    Federal Pell Grants

    Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants

    Other Title IV funds

Withdrawing students should be aware that they will not be entitled to any portion of a refund until all Title IV programs are credited and all outstanding charges have been paid.


Financial Aid for Undergraduate Study

Financial Aid and Educational Financing
618 Lerner Hall
2920 Broadway
Mailing: 100 Hamilton Hall, MC 2802
1130 Amsterdam Avenue
New York, NY 10027
Monday–Friday: 9:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.

Phone: 212-854-3711
Fax: 212-854-5353
ugrad-finaid@columbia.edu
cc-seas.financialaid.columbia.edu

Columbia is committed to meeting the full demonstrated financial need for all applicants. Financial aid is available for all four undergraduate years, provided that students continue to demonstrate financial need.

All applicants who are citizens or permanent residents of the United States, who are granted refugee visas by the United States, or who are undocumented students in the United States are considered for admission in a need-blind manner.

International students who did not apply for financial aid in their first year are not eligible to apply for financial aid in any subsequent years. Foreign transfer candidates applying for aid must understand that such aid is awarded on an extremely limited basis. Columbia does not give any scholarships for academic, athletic, or artistic merit.

Please visit the Financial Aid website at cc-seas.financialaid.columbia.edu for more information on financial aid, including requirements and application instructions.
Satisfactory Academic Progress

Columbia University complies with federal SAP regulations. To be eligible for Federal Student Aid (Federal Pell Grant, Federal SEOG, Federal Work-Study, Federal Perkins Loan, Federal Direct/PLUS loan), an otherwise eligible student must meet or exceed the SAP standards set by their school or program at the time SAP is assessed. The SAP policy may be found online at sfs.columbia.edu/content/satisfactory-academic-progress.
